A) 	when we keep interval length fixed and increase packet size,
1. 	timeFirstTPacket( time when 1st packet was transmitted) remains constant, 
   	since time required for address resolution is same, does not depend on packet size. 
2. 	timeLastTPacket( time when last packet was transmitted) increses with increase in packet size,
	since as packet size increases, time length to transmit for individual packet increases, resulting increase in timeLastTPacket.
3. 	timeFirstRPacket( time when 1st packet was received) increases with packet size,
	since as packet size increases, time length to transmit for individual packet increases.
4. 	timeLastRPacket( time when last packet was received) increases with packet size,
	since time when last packet was transmitted increases and time length to transmit for individual packet increases.
5.	delay sum increses with packet size since time length to transmit for individual packet increases.
6.	total bytes transmitted and received increase with packet size.
7. 	total no. of packets transmitted and received remains same.
8.	no packets found lost. 
9. 	no packet was dropped.
10. no packet was repeatedly forwarded.
11.	transmitter throughput and receiver throughput increases with packet size, 
	since no packet was lost or dropped. 

B)	when we keep packet size fixed and increase interval length,
1.	timeFirstTPacket( time when 1st packet was transmitted) remains constant, 
   	since time required for address resolution is same, does not depend on interpacket gap.
2.	timeLastTPacket( time when last packet was transmitted) increases with increase in interval length,
	since as interval length increases, time length to transmit for individual packet increases, resulting increase in timeLastTPacket.
3.	timeFirstRPacket( time when 1st packet was received) remains same with interval length,
	since interval length does not affect transmission of 1st packet.
4.	timeLastRPacket( time when last packet was received) increases with interval length,
	since larger time gap is used between each packet transmission.
5.	delay sum increses with interval length since interpacket gap increses.
6.	total bytes transmitted and received decrease as interpacket gap increase.
7. 	total no. of packets transmitted and received decrease.
8.	no packets found lost. 
9. 	no packet was dropped.
10. no packet was repeatedly forwarded.
11.	transmitter throughput and receiver throughput decreases as interval length increases, 
	since no packet was lost or dropped and packets transmitted decrease.